vlib: initial addition of `x.encoding.asn1` (#22783)
vlang/v: vlib/x/encoding/asn1/README.md

# asn1

`asn1` is a pure V Language module for X.690 Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1)
Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER) encoding and decoding.

This module provides you with the ability to generate and parse ASN.1 encoded data.
More precisely, it provides you with the ability to generate and parse data encoded 
with ASN.1’s DER (Distinguished Encoding Rules) encoding. It does not support other than DER.

> [!CAUTION]

> > This module is marked as an experimental, so, its a subject to change (even rapidly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This module is marked as an experimental, so its subject to change (possibly rapidly).
```

> > Use it with caution, submit when found a bug and gives yours feedback and review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use with caution, submit bugs when found, and please give feedback.
```

## Supported ASN.1 Type

> It's currently supports following basic ASN1 type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently supports the following basic ASN1 types:
```

- [x] Boolean
- [x] BitString
- [x] Integer (through int, i64, and `math.big.Integer`)
- [x] ObjectIdentifier
- [x] NumericString
- [x] Null
- [x] Enumerated
- [x] IA5String (ascii string)
- [x] OctetString
- [x] PrintableString
- [x] UTF8String
- [x] UTCTime
- [x] GeneralizedTime
- [x] VisibleString
- [x] Sequence,
- [x] SequenceOf
- [x] Set
- [x] SetOf

## **Features**

---

> - Support mostly basic ASN.1 tag type, except for a few types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports most basic ASN.1 tag types.
```

> - Supports single and multibyte (high form) tag format for tag number > 31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports single and multi-byte (high form) tag formats for tag numbers > 31
```

- Serializing and deserializing of ASN.1 objcet to bytes and vice versa.

## Code Examples

Here are some simple usage examples.

```v
import x.encoding.asn1

fn main() {
	value := asn1.Integer.from_int(32)

	output := asn1.encode(value)!
	assert output == [u8(0x02), 0x01, 0x20]

> 	// you can encode with string options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// you can encode (serialize) with string options
```

	output2 := asn1.encode_with_options(value, 'context_specific:5;explicit;inner:2')!
	assert output2 == [u8(0xa5), 0x03, 0x02, 0x01, 0x20]

> 	// You can decode (deserializes) back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// You can decode (deserialize) back
```

	el := asn1.decode_with_options([u8(0xa5), 0x03, 0x02, 0x01, 0x20], 'context_specific:5;explicit;inner:2')!
	// el is an Element, turn it into underlying object
	int_el := el.into_object[asn1.Integer]()!

	int_el_value := int_el.as_i64()!
	assert int_el_value == 32
}
```

> See examples on [examples](examples/) directory for more completes examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more complete examples in the [examples](examples/) directory.
```

## Documentation

> See the [documentation](DOCS.md) for more detail information on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [documentation](DOCS.md) for more detailed information on 
```

More precisely, it provides you with the ability to generate and parse data encoded 
with ASN.1’s DER (Distinguished Encoding Rules) encoding. It does not support other than DER.

## Status

> **Warning**
>
> This module is under development, its changed rapidly, and even
> its functionality mostly and hardly tested, i'm sure there are buggy code uncovered recently,
> so feel free to report an isdue or submit a bug report, or give a feedback.

## Supported ASN.1 Type

It's currently supports following basic ASN1 type:

- [x] Boolean
- [x] BitString
- [x] Integer (through int, i64, and `math.big.Integer`)
- [x] ObjectIdentifier
- [x] NumericString
- [x] Null
- [x] Enumerated
- [x] IA5String (ascii string)
- [x] OctetString
- [x] PrintableString
- [x] UTF8String
- [x] UTCTime
- [x] GeneralizedTime
- [x] VisibleString
- [x] Sequence,
- [x] SequenceOf
- [x] Set
- [x] SetOf

## **Features**

---

- Support mostly basic ASN.1 tag type, except for a few types.
- Supports single and multibyte (high form) tag format for tag number > 31
- Serializing and deserializing of ASN.1 objcet to bytes and vice versa.

## Code Examples

Here are some simple usage examples.

```v

> import asn1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import x.encoding.asn1
```
